=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

broom - a disk cleaning utility for developers

=head1 SYNOPSIS

I<broom> [option...] [directory]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

broom recursively looks for projects inside a directory and cleans them
by removing build artifacts, optimizing version control system files, etc.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<-n, --dry-run>

Only show commands that would be executed instead of actually performing
them.

=item B<-t> I<TOOLS>B<, --tools=>I<TOOLS>

Comma-separated list of tools to run the cleanup for. The available tools
are: I<make>, I<rake>, I<python>, I<ant>, I<mvn>, I<gradle>, I<buildr>,
I<sbt>, I<ninja>, I<git> and I<bundle>. By default, all tools are used.

=item B<-v, --verbose>

Be more verbose. Pass this option several times to see debug info.

=item B<-q, --quiet>

Be less verbose. Pass this option several times to remove all output.

=item B<-h, --help>

Show usage information and exit.

=item B<--version>

Show version information and exit.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

To perform cleanup in the current working directory:

 broom

To perform cleanup in your projects folder:

 broom ~/projects

To perform cleanup in your projects folder, with all logging on:

 broom -vvv ~/projects

To show what commands would be performed, without running them:

 broom -n ~/projects


To perform cleanup only for git and make projects:

 broom -t git,make ~/projects

=head1 FILES

broom allows to define default execution parameters in the F<~/.broomrc>
file. Here is an example of F<~/.broomrc> file:

 # Use dry run mode by default.
 DRY_RUN=true

 # Only show warnings and errors.
 LOG_LEVEL=0

 # Run in projects directory.
 DIRECTORY=~/projects
 
 # Only look for some specific kind of projects.
 TOOLS=(make python ant git)

=begin html

=head1 INSTALLING

Get the last release <a href="https://github.com/nicoulaj/broom/downloads">here</a>, and follow the steps below to build and install it:

<pre>
tar xzf broom-*.tar.gz
cd broom-*/
make
sudo make install
</pre>

=end html

=begin man

=head1 ISSUES

Please report issues at https://github.com/nicoulaj/broom/issues.

=head1 AUTHOR

Julien Nicoulaud <julien.nicoulaud@gmail.com>

=end man
